Goal: "PhotoApp" Application in AWS that lets users upload, download and
analyze images (and, FUTURESTATE, organize/provide info to organize/have
organize the resulting extracts/analysis)

Have users/IAM stored cleanly and architected scalably

1. Setup AWS
2. Make s3 bucket
3. set up AWS CLI
4. Set up user for CLI (both for human and Agent - Lab Claude Code)
5.1 Test AWS CLI
(5.2) Have Claude Code test CLI, ideally with it's own IAM maybe
Test it by making an S3 bucket then listing the service
Use region us-east-2 exclusively (Says the assignment)


--------------Making PhotoShop Infra
1. Make S3 bucket that's public ( note this in a file, public access is
dangerous AF and we should ALWAYS maintain security ASAP)
2. Enable ACLs to allow public access to S3 bucket
3. Confirm we can access the bucket (by listing all contents)


-----Try it: upload to folder
1. Try uploading a folder

------Set up AWS RDS and MySQL DB Server

1. Configure RDS to run MySQL (free Tier)
2. Set up DB
2.0 with password, save to a config file that's encrypted (with the key in a
seperate file in the same file directory) with both files excluded from the
github. (This is moderate initial security level, so all local devs and agents
can access the application. TODO is make more secure)
2.1 Allocate minimum storage, disable storage autoscalling
2.2 Make it publicly accessible (TODO: this is bad security, make it only
accessible within a whitelisted zone once we figure out what the whitelist
should be)
2.2 Change DB admin to allow password and IAM
2.3 Uncheck automated backups (TODO: reenable this before moving to prod)
2.4 Change the VPC with the database to "allow all traffic" as an Inbound Rule
(TODO: Change this once we know what we should be whitelisting) < Add Rule,
Type to MySQL/Aurora, then set source to "Anywhere-IPv4" 
2.5 Create the DB
3.
3.1 View! Go into the AWS console and see what we have!
Should see the s3 bucket and RDS instance!
3.2 View! Take a look with the AWS CLI, see the same thing
3.3 View! Have Cursor or Claude Code take a look, make sure the agent can
correctly identify what's in there!

4 TEST! Use the provided file "test-mysql.py"
4.1: Update creds in the script

5. Try spinning down and spinning up the instances to confirm protocol
5.1 mayyybe make a script to do so O.o

-------Create Photoapp DB
0. Choose the way we want to interact with SQL, this should be both Erik and
Agent friendly :D (or 1 tool for each type)
  VSCode plugins recomended include MySQL by Weijan Chen and MySQL Management
Tool by Jun Han (I want one that has great visuals so I can show this off to
my nontechnical fiancé easily)
1. Make users table (by using code in Handout - Extract, review the extract
for correctness and bc that's good security practice, and put in it's own
file)

2. Make Assets table (Use script provided, same as above)

3. Insert users
3.1 Extract SQL scripts from handout
3.2 Review extract
3.3 Run file
3.4 Test to confirm insertion worked


-----Control access to the DB
0. Create some sort of script, excel file or dashboard that shows our current
IAM structure for the DB (both DB admins and people in the users table, maybe
as seperate scripts) for super easy access review, even automated access
review. We will keep track of the categories of Human Accounts, Agent Accounts, and Service
Accounts)


1, Run script:
1.1 Extract from PDF
1.2 Review extract
1.3 Execute script
1.4 confirm results in DB structure
1.5 Test by logging in

2. Do same for user that's photoapp-read-write
2.1 Modify script
2.2 Review
2.3 Execute
2.4 Confirm expected changes
2.5 test via log in

-----------Gradding and Submission
1. Update [rds] section of config file (photoapp-config.ini) to fill in the
endpoint url
2Submit
2.1 Run submit script (or manually submit gradescope)
2.2 Check Gradescope results
2.3 Fix bugs (updating requirement documents so the whole project stays
cohesive)
2.4 repeat untill passing all tests
2.5 Make any changes that we want to for us, but break GradeScope

3. Wholeistic review
3.1 review all
3.2 write memo of current status + what we did, any other useful history or
artifacts
3.3 Smile/bask in the goodness/elegance :)
3.4 Spin down
